Handle overflow in rd_buf_write_remains (#4689)
confluentinc/librdkafka: CHANGELOG.md

    [v1.9.4](https://github.com/lz4/lz4/releases/tag/v1.9.4), which contains
    bugfixes and performance improvements (#4726).

## Fixes

### General fixes

>   * Fix segfault when using long client id because of erased segment when using flexver. (#4689)

Reviewer: You can keep a long description here with the `Issues` and `Happens since` sections and put a one line description in the summary thar goes below `librdkafka v2.5.0 is a feature release`.

```suggestion
  *  Issues: confluentinc/confluent-kafka-dotnet#2084
     Fix segfault when a segment is erased and more data is written to the buffer.
     Happens since 1.x when a portion of the buffer (segment) is erased for flexver or compression.
     More likely to happen since 2.1.1, because of the upgrades to flexver, with certain string sizes like a long client id (#4689).
```

Author: Thanks. Updated
